is the following to this program has a very serious framework called
protest, we are going to talk about a subject that interests you from all over the
Brazil
pity to remember giving treatment is a mafia in a real situation the
charging herself for freedom is a
to make it worse for me to lead by example but sometimes
since then there have been harsh ones like that we will see the game by banding a ball from
time as a way for a city that is 97 kilometers from são paulo
she came in second place of the city's dilapidated gift that everyone who
It leaves the city of Varginha has to pay tolls who wants to go to são paulo
before boarding two tolls in order to reach a
latin america the city of vargem small town of coruripe is a city
very strong and full of energy did not release the hostages were taken along
very helpful kitty hawk why he fell a lot to party like the via park
although shooting at dawn on Thursday
Pinheirinho a 1
No one gets so much news from my own house.
market
Argentina
b's latest hard drive crashed very well
I hope to contribute
to neutralize the complete output
it's not an emergency
left system corrects direction
government actions
only on television
do you believe that there are about 500 civilian agents
people to do anything
and that it pays tolls
dilma told us where we are located in the municipality of varginha
in são paulo state what is happening all this whole united people
what does he like the color on the road fernão days biden in half of this
19% expansion was actually installed
and that toll that made divided the city or who is of kilometer 7 of the
front it is required to process the left low erased service from
buy get into the city and another from the exit sound of beats only has the mouth
pharynx and no toll paid had not been trained enough movement in the
road part of the staff that has been printing from the north of Brazil we came
here towards são paulo
or vice versa tells the city folks not paid loss of help a little bit one
little today gives enough in these few cars and pod
in the river there will be a repeat of our city
would win a great relief come buy thing is the title is the case of
five reais account of the two events
and toll
as for the fuel proposed by this one to have opposed paula de são paulo
works and what would they be?
in that way he annoyed her a lot by boat through the melting pot
erika
this value is much weaker and gnr
will arrive
the china every time it will get more difficult farag master of terror and
defended that the inclusion of these people do not know if it will have to close and leave
movements of the bay
with the creation of tv brazil
I have enough
31 93% did not pass
so that in its day-to-day with the creation of a real barn
situation where you lived with your mother
after the loss of ice
needing to buy food or are trying to make a deal with me
Your real father is a breast-type promotion plus a hydroelectric plant.
one more way for the employees here as such day by day they also spoke
something
on Saturday by the management of the company luciana works at the health post here
of the town of Varginha that lives or works
I live in Rio
picarelli work has to take two penalties he goes to my daughter in the
school and for two more by husband to work
two more I have an appointment here tonight in the city more than how it is
and I ask you to be health food how is what happens
he has to get the bus is not a bus the bus fare too
went up quite a bit
the goal is to scale what is done said I'm a teacher of the network
municipal you work in movies per day instead there was a school outside
of the city outside the city but it is next month in Brazil and even then
be paid for sale
and nobody does anything to do with the laws of general california one hour
Guimarães and the risk
people or professionals
of work
here in another municipality do not want to live longer
It was a very peculiar situation that we asked the toll
by eric brevig by the son delegate, he further says that it goes from 1 to 7 hours
morning
left school went back to work with ball and were already worse than expected
of the year little work in the publisher bragança danilo son a minor version
3g of the kiss puts us with my cub
after the school world cup are already four vacant photocopies calm and
government will be able to feed but when the
at least of the company I am a tutelary consumerist
by our past toll evaluating it has to pay 17
drunk release her fly all the time will re-study the rival
if you have any idea how much state orbit per month to dea
113 have already been killed in paid tolls
mid-month
decision condemning him
screenplay - leisure
I have a choice
the person has urgent request of the toll I have no option the sport was
closed all incoming gifts from new carriers
- We do not believe this we'll see